White Denim's "Last Day of Summer"
    This album was amazing! White Denim gets better every time they make music. They make me want to moan and dance.
Flying Lotus's "Cosmogramma"
    It took me a while to understand...But it was worth it.
Dr. Dog's "Shame, Shame"
    Dr. Dog seems to think that their concerts need lightshows and huge stages to alienate them from their audience. What happened to the love? Either way, this album was pretty damned good. Almost too catchy at times.
Beach House's "Teen Dream"
    I am so sick of this album now. But it was good for a while...Beach House has joined Fleet Foxes, Grizzly Bear, and Animal Collective as bands that I never want to hear for at least ten years.
Janelle Monae's "The Archandroid"
    She makes me so happy! But 17 songs pushed the limits of my attention span.
Deerhunter's "Halcyon Digest"
    This shit is catchy and fun. I like it.
Liars's "Sisterworld"
    Liars are becoming more and more accessible. Is this a good thing? I don't know.
Kanye West's "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy"
    My favorite Kanye album so far...But he still seems to care more about individual tracks than about an entirely solid album.
Joanna Newsom's "Have One on Me"
    Another album that I had trouble listening to the whole way through. But there are some goddamned good songs on here...
Caribou's "Swim"
    What the FUCK, Caribou? So pathetically simple...But still pretty fun.
Maps & Atlases's "Perch Patchwork"
    (I forgot to list you when I wrote these comments.)
Danger Mouse and Sparklehorse's "Dark Night of the Soul"
    This was a cool idea. So many different sounds.
Hot Chip's "One Life Stand"
    Hot Chip: you disappoint me. You should never do ballads ever, ever again.
Gorillaz's "Plastic Beach"
    Surprisingly good, but still kinda dull to me.
Big Boi's "Sir Lucious Leftfoot: The Son of Chico Dusty"
    Umm...it was alright.
Blonde Redhead's "Penny Sparkle"
    Dammit, Blonde Redhead. I was trying so hard to defend your honor...But now you sound like a bad Cocteau Twins ripoff.
Four Tet's "There is Love in You"
    Shit. Four Tet sucks now.

------

## SONGS
Joanna Newsom's "Good Intentions Paving Company"
Deerhunter's "Memory Boy"
Dr. Dog's "I Only Wear Blue", "Stranger"
White Denim's "I'd have it just the way we were"
Beach House's "Norway"
Flying Lotus's "Mmmhmm", "Do the astral plane"
Janelle Monae's "Cold War", "Tightrope"
Kanye West's "Monster", "Power"
Caribou's "Leave House"
Hot Chip's "Hand me down your love"
